Lars	Lars is my creator!

Planck	The Planck conference room is on Steuart 4, east side.\n\nMax Karl Ernst Ludwig Planck (1858-1947) was a German theoretical physicist who originated quantum theory. wikipedia.org/wiki/Max_Planck
Kirschoff	The Kirschoff conference room is on Steuart 4, east side.\n\nGustav Robert Kirchhoff (1824-1887) was a German physicist for whom three separate sets of laws are named, in electrical circuit theory, spectroscopy, and thermochemistry. wikipedia.org/wiki/Gustav_Kirchhoff
Born	The Born conference room is on Steuart 4, east side.\n\nMax Born (1882-1970) was a German physicist and mathematician who was instrumental in the development of quantum mechanics. wikipedia.org/wiki/Max_Born
Townsquare	Steuart Townsquare is adjacent to the Steuart 4 kitchen, east side.
Dalton	The Dalton conference room is on Steuart 4, east side.\n\nJohn Dalton (1766-1844) was an English chemist, physicist, and meteorologist who first proposed modern atomic theory, and for whom Daltonism (color blindness) is named. wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Dalton
Hawking	The Hawking conference room is on Steuart 4, north end.\n\nStephen William Hawking (b.1942) is an English theoretical physicist, cosmologist, and author whose numerous scientific contributions include a theory of cosmology based on general relativity and quantum mechanics. wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Hawking
Lyell	The Lyell conference room is on Steuart 4, north end.\n\nSir Charles Lyell (1797-1875) was foremost geologist of his time and one of Britain's most important scientists, writing the landmark _Principles of Geology, which popularized the view that geologic processes are still ongoing. He also advanced knowledge of volcanoes, earthquakes, stratigraphy, paleontology, and glaciology. wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Lyell
Galton	The Galton conference area (with massage chairs) is on Steuart 4, north end.\n\nFrancis Galton (1822-1911) was an English polymath, statistician, progressive, sociologist, psychologist, anthropologist, eugenicist, tropical explorer, geographer, inventor, meteorologist, proto-geneticist, and psychometrician, with numerous contributions to statistics and its application to the study of humans. wikipedia.org/wiki/Francis_Galton
Linnaeus	The Linnaeus game room is on Steuart 4, northwest corner. (See also Leinneaus on Landmark 4.)\n\nCarl Linnaeus (1707-1778) was a Swedish botanist, physician, and zoologist who formalised the modern system of naming organisms called binomial nomenclature. wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Linnaeus
Pavlov	The Pavlov conference room is on Steuart 4, northwest corner.
Margulis	The Margulis conference room is on Steuart 4, northwest corner.
Hertz	The Hertz conference room is on Landmarkon Steuart 4, west side.
Apgar	The Apgar conference room is on Steuart 4, west side.
Wright	The Wright conference room is on Steuart 4, west side.
Goodall	The Goodall conference room is on Steuart 4, southwest corner.
Herschel	The Herschel conference room is on Steuart 4, south end.
Fleming	The Fleming conference room is on Steuart 4, south end.
Oppenheimer	The Oppenheimer conference room is on Steuart 4, south end.

Farnsworth	The Farnsworth conference room is on Steuart 3, east side.
Westinghouse	The Westinghouse conference room is on Steuart 3, east side.
Hodgkin	The Hodgkin conference room is next to the Steuart 3 kitchen, east side.
Sejima	The Sejima conference room is on Steuart 3, east side.
Nye	The Nye conference room is on Steuart 3, east side.
Braille	The Braille conference room is on Steuart 3, north end.
Kauffman	The Kauffman conference room is on Steuart 3, north end.
Piaget	The Piaget conference room is on Steuart 3, north end.
Kahn	The Kahn conference room is on Steuart 3, south end.
Eames	The Eames conference room is on Steuart 3, south end.
Prouve	The Prouve conference room is on Steuart 3, south end.
Chomsky	The Chomsky conference room is on Steuart 3, northwest corner.
Montessori	The Montessori conference room is on Steuart 3, west side.
Maybeck	The Maybeck conference room is on Steuart 3, west side.
Griffin	The Griffin conference room is on Steuart 3, west side.
Mendeleev	The Mendeleev conference room is on Steuart 3, west side.\n\nDmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev (1834-1907) was a Russian chemist who created the periodic table of elements. wikipedia.org/wiki/Dmitri_Mendeleev
Leakey	The Leakey conference room is on Steuart 3, southwest corner.

Salk	The Salk conference room is on Steuart 2, east side.
Skinner	The Skinner conference room is on Steuart 2, east side next to the kitchen.
Calatrava	The Calatrava conference room is on Steuart 2, east side.
Zeisel	The Zeisel conference room is on Steuart 2, east side.
Pontelli	The Pontelli conference room is on Steuart 2, south end.
Hadid	The Hadid conference room is on Steuart 2, south end.
Rand	The Rand conference room is on Steuart 2, south end.
Earl	The Earl conference room is on Steuart 2, northwest corner.
Freud	The Freud conference room is on Steuart 2, north end.
Galilei	The Galilei conference room is on Steuart 2, north end.
Darwin	The Darwin conference room is on Steuart 2, north end.
Vignelli	The Vignelli conference room is on Steuart 2, northwest corner.
Mead	The Mead conference room is on Steuart 2, northwest corner.
Keynes	The Keynes conference room is on Steuart 2, west side.
Mayer	The Mayer conference room is on Steuart 2, west side.
Pei	The Pei conference room is on Steuart 2, west side.
Heinlein	The Heinlein conference room is on Steuart 2, west side.
EIS	The EIS conference room is on Steuart 2, west side.
Bethune	The Bethune conference room is on Steuart 2, west side.

Toolbar	The Toolbar is on Spear 2, north end.
The Park	The Park is on Spear 2, north end.
Albers	The Albers conference room is on Spear 2, north end.
Tyson	The Tyson conference room is on Spear 2, east side.
Bennett	The Bennett conference room is on Spear 2, east side.
Salvi	The Salvi conference room is on Spear 2, east side.
Lamb	The Lamb conference room is on Spear 2, east side.
Morgan	The Morgan conference room is on Spear 2, east side.
Game Room	The Spear Game Room is on Spear 2, southeast corner.
Pelli	The Pelli conference room is on Spear 2, center.
Exner	The Exner conference room is on Spear 2, center.
Yoga	The Yoga room is on Spear 2.
Dolci	The Dolci conference room is on Spear 2, west side.
Clarke	The Clarke conference room is on Spear 2, west side.
Townsquare	Spear Townsquare is adjacent to the Spear 2 kitchen, southwest corner.
Loewy	The Loewy conference room is on Spear 2, west side.
Pisano	The Pisano conference room is on Spear 2, west side.
Roebling	The Roebling conference room is on Spear 2.
Bracci	The Bracci conference room is on Spear 2.

Tesla	The Tesla conference room is on Landmark 2, east side.
Von Neumann	The Von Neumann conference room is on Landmark 2, east side.
Ramanujan	The Ramanujan conference room is on Landmark 2, east side.
Maxwell	The Maxwell conference room is on Landmark 2, east side.
Gauss	The Gauss conference room is on Landmark 2, east side.
Curie	The Curie conference room is on Landmark 2, east side.
Plato	The Plato conference room is on Landmark 2, west side.
Newton	The Newton conference room is on Landmark 2, west side.
Euclid	The Euclid conference room is on Landmark 2, west side.
Ockham	The Ockham conference room is on Landmark 2, west side.
Pythagoras	The Pythagoras conference room is on Landmark 2, west side.
Thales	The Thales conference room is on Landmark 2, west side.
Copernicus	The Copernicus conference room is on Landmark 2.
Brahmagupta	The Brahmagupta conference room is on Landmark 2.
Usability	The Usability lab is on Landmark 2, near reception.

Le Vau	The Le Vau conference room is on Landmark 4, northeast corner.
Von Braun	The Von Braun conference room is on Landmark 4, northeast corner.
Imotep	The Imotep conference room is on Landmark 4, northeast corner.
Heisenberg	The Heisenberg conference room is on Landmark 4, east side.
Holland	The Holland conference room is on Landmark 4, east side.
Sutter	The Sutter conference room is on Landmark 4, east side.
Gaudi	The Gaudi conference room is on Landmark 4, east side.
Leinneaus	The Leinneaus conference room is on Landmark 4, north side. (See also Linnaeus on Steuart 4)
Dirac	The Dirac conference room is on Landmark 4, north side.
Strauss	The Strauss conference room is on Landmark 4, north side.
Graves	The Graves conference room is on Landmark 4, north side.

Mediterranean	The Mediterranean conference room is on Landmark 5, northeast corner.
Pacific	The Pacific conference room is on Landmark 5, northeast corner.
Huron	The Huron conference room is on Landmark 5, northeast corner.
Indian	The Indian conference room is on Landmark 5, northeast corner.
Phillippine	The Phillippine conference room is on Landmark 5, southeast corner.
Adriatic	The Adriatic conference room is on Landmark 5, southeast corner.
Bering Sea	The Bering Sea conference room is on Landmark 5, southeast corner.
Red Sea	The Red Sea conference room is on Landmark 5, southeast corner.
Baltic Sea	The Baltic Sea conference room is on Landmark 5, northwest corner.
South China Sea	The South China Sea conference room is on Landmark 5, northwest corner.
Gulf of Mexico	The Gulf of Mexico conference room is on Landmark 5, northwest corner.
Tasman Sea	The Tasman Sea conference room is on Landmark 5, northwest corner.
Norwegian	The Norwegian conference room is on Landmark 5, southwest corner.
Dead Sea	The Dead Sea conference room is on Landmark 5, southwest corner.
Studio	The Studio is on Landmark 5, southwest corner.
Library	The Library is on Landmark 5, southwest corner.
Atlantic	The Atlantic conference room is on Landmark 5, southwest corner.
Caribbean	The Caribbean conference room is on Landmark 5, southwest corner.
Aegean	The Aegean conference room is on Landmark 5, southwest corner.
